splittitle.dll plugin for LCD SMARTIE
http://lcdsmartie.sourceforge.net/

REQUIRES LCD Smartie 5.3 beta3 or newer







INFORMATION
-----------
This dll was created to split the tracktitle returned by winamp to LCD Smartie.
The plugin works by taking as first parameter the track title, seeking for the 
dash (-) symbol or any other user defined symbol and returns the parts before and after the specific symbol.

Version 
-------
0.1

Version Features
----------------
Seven functions available to use.

  function1
  returns the first part of the title, the artist.


  function2
  returns the second part of the title, track title
         
         NOTE: in some tracks that have a dash symbol in their 
         artists like (Kermit The Frog - Miss Piggy - See drives me crazy) 
         here will appear the second artist 

  
  function3
  returns the third part of the title

         NOTE:  this is applicable only is your collection of mp3's haves 
         dashes and you want to get the third part of the returned string and in the case
         described in the note above.
         For example if your track titles come with the following format "Limbo's Collection  - Simply red - Fairground"
         to take the artist you must use the function2 and to take the track title the function 3


  function11
  as function1 but you can define your own seperator.


  function12
  as function2 but you can define your own seperator.


  function13
  as function3 but you can define your own seperator.


  function20
  returns credits about the dll, version and other info.


USAGE
-----
For functions 1, 2, and 3 you must add the $dll function of LCD Smartie and pass as first parameter (param1) the $WinampTitle
the second parameter will ignored. e.g. $dll(splittitle.dll,1,$WinampTitle,3)

For functions 11, 12, and 13 you must add the $dll function of LCD Smartie and pass as first parameter (param1) the $WinampTitle
and as second parameter the character you want to use as Artist/Title seperator. e.g. $dll(splittitle.dll,1,$WinampTitle,*)

Function 20 returns dll information regardless of the parameters just add $dll(splittitle.dll,20,param1,param2) 
and the credits screen will appear.

    NOTE:  in all functions is available a short description of returned string that can be displayed by passing the 
    "about" as param1 and "function" as param2.
    e.g. $dll(splittitle.dll,1,about,function) or $dll(splittitle.dll,20,about,function)  



KNOWN BUGS
----------
Not yet. Mail to lcdsmartie@walla.com





CREDITS
-------
Creator: Limbo
lcdsmartie@walla.com

2005 Limbo Software Solutions
.net Powered






